what is a dog a dog is not man's best
friend
this paradigm was also insisting that we
regarded dog naturally as a wild hunter
as a predator and indeed I mean wild
dogs they'll attack you and try to kill
you and eat you still today wild dogs in
in Africa and few parts of Africa you
can you can still get torn apart by wild
dogs I have been attacked by dogs in
Southeast Asia but none of them none of
them were wild maybe they were feral but
not quite why anyway but this this
really was refusing to take the view of
animals as a toy as a plaything as
something to be domesticated and cuddled
and this really has disappeared today